Download a
[Postscript](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/cgi-bin/scigen.cgi?seed=920&type=ps&author=Ariel+Balter&)
or
[PDF](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/cgi-bin/scigen.cgi?seed=920&type=pdf&author=Ariel+Balter&)
version of this paper.\
Download all the files for this paper as a [gzipped tar
archive](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/cgi-bin/scigen.cgi?seed=920&type=tar&author=Ariel+Balter&).\
[Generate another
one.](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/cgi-bin/scigen.cgi?author=Ariel+Balter&)\
[Back to the SCIgen homepage.](http://pdos.csail.mit.edu/scigen)\

------------------------------------------------------------------------

A Case for the World Wide Web

A Case for the World Wide Web {#a-case-for-the-world-wide-web align="center"}
=============================

### Ariel Balter {#ariel-balter align="center"}

<div class="p">

</div>

###  {#section align="center"}

<div class="p">

</div>

Abstract
--------

<div class="p">

</div>

Systems engineers agree that mobile symmetries are an interesting new
topic in the field of programming languages, and experts concur. After
years of natural research into multicast systems, we argue the extensive
unification of von Neumann machines and evolutionary programming, which
embodies the significant principles of hardware and architecture. In
this paper, we validate that while I/O automata can be made modular,
embedded, and atomic, the much-touted introspective algorithm for the
development of consistent hashing by J.H. Wilkinson runs in Ω( \[n/(e
^logn^ )\] ) time.

<div class="p">

</div>

Table of Contents
-----------------

[]{#tth_sEc1}

1  Introduction
---------------

<div class="p">

</div>

\
In recent years, much research has been devoted to the private
unification of vacuum tubes and journaling file systems; on the other
hand, few have simulated the deployment of the partition table. The
notion that theorists cooperate with expert systems is largely
well-received. On a similar note, contrarily, an extensive grand
challenge in theory is the improvement of hash tables
\[[1](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:0){#CITEcite:0}\].
As a result, virtual symmetries and the improvement of 802.11 mesh
networks are continuously at odds with the confirmed unification of
erasure coding and DHCP.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
We question the need for local-area networks. However, this solution is
largely well-received. Even though existing solutions to this quandary
are useful, none have taken the knowledge-based method we propose in
this work. This combination of properties has not yet been improved in
prior work.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
In this paper, we disprove that the seminal classical algorithm for the
synthesis of voice-over-IP by Miller et al. runs in Θ(2^n^) time.
Indeed, massive multiplayer online role-playing games and thin clients
have a long history of colluding in this manner. Despite the fact that
conventional wisdom states that this challenge is regularly fixed by the
exploration of massive multiplayer online role-playing games, we believe
that a different solution is necessary. Contrarily, reinforcement
learning might not be the panacea that computational biologists
expected. As a result, our heuristic is derived from the visualization
of RAID.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Multimodal solutions are particularly confirmed when it comes to the
transistor. It should be noted that our approach turns the cooperative
symmetries sledgehammer into a scalpel. However, cache coherence might
not be the panacea that researchers expected. Next, we emphasize that
our algorithm is in Co-NP. Obviously, we see no reason not to use
unstable epistemologies to investigate multimodal methodologies.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
The rest of this paper is organized as follows. We motivate the need for
checksums. Continuing with this rationale, we place our work in context
with the previous work in this area. Similarly, we place our work in
context with the related work in this area. Finally, we conclude.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc2}

2  Design
---------

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Motivated by the need for the exploration of kernels, we now motivate a
framework for proving that RPCs can be made "fuzzy", concurrent, and
unstable. We show new psychoacoustic methodologies in
Figure [1](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#dia:label0).
Next, we believe that trainable algorithms can prevent collaborative
methodologies without needing to synthesize "smart" communication.
Clearly, the model that our approach uses is unfounded.

<div class="p">

</div>

\

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_fIg1}

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------
  ![dia0.png](./A%20Case%20for%20the%20World%20Wide%20Web_files/dia0.png)
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div style="text-align:center">

Figure 1: [ Our application's wearable creation. ]{.small}

</div>

[]{#dia:label0}

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Susu relies on the natural framework outlined in the recent seminal work
by Li in the field of cyberinformatics. Further, Susu does not require
such a typical construction to run correctly, but it doesn't hurt. This
is a key property of our framework. Consider the early architecture by
J. Quinlan et al.; our model is similar, but will actually overcome this
question. Such a hypothesis is rarely an extensive purpose but never
conflicts with the need to provide suffix trees to scholars. We ran a
6-month-long trace demonstrating that our model is unfounded. Clearly,
the architecture that our application uses is feasible.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Susu relies on the confirmed design outlined in the recent much-touted
work by Shastri et al. in the field of networking.
Figure [1](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#dia:label0)
diagrams the flowchart used by our heuristic. See our related technical
report
\[[2](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:1){#CITEcite:1}\]
for details.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc3}

3  Large-Scale Theory
---------------------

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Our system is composed of a server daemon, a codebase of 15 Ruby files,
and a hand-optimized compiler. We have not yet implemented the virtual
machine monitor, as this is the least theoretical component of Susu.
Further, since our methodology creates introspective theory, hacking the
hacked operating system was relatively straightforward. The hacked
operating system and the hand-optimized compiler must run with the same
permissions.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc4}

4  Results
----------

<div class="p">

</div>

\
As we will soon see, the goals of this section are manifold. Our overall
evaluation approach seeks to prove three hypotheses: (1) that
information retrieval systems no longer influence system design; (2)
that the Internet no longer adjusts performance; and finally (3) that
the LISP machine of yesteryear actually exhibits better seek time than
today's hardware. Unlike other authors, we have intentionally neglected
to emulate optical drive space
\[[1](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:0)\].
Our evaluation approach holds suprising results for patient reader.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc4.1}

### 4.1  Hardware and Software Configuration

<div class="p">

</div>

\

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_fIg2}

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  ![figure0.png](./A%20Case%20for%20the%20World%20Wide%20Web_files/figure0.png)
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div style="text-align:center">

Figure 2: [ Note that clock speed grows as distance decreases - a
phenomenon worth improving in its own right. ]{.small}

</div>

[]{#fig:label0}

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Many hardware modifications were necessary to measure our methodology.
We instrumented a simulation on our autonomous overlay network to prove
the provably classical nature of extensible methodologies.
Configurations without this modification showed duplicated response
time. First, we reduced the effective flash-memory throughput of our
perfect overlay network. Along these same lines, we removed 2MB of
flash-memory from our planetary-scale testbed. We removed some
flash-memory from UC Berkeley's modular overlay network to consider the
tape drive space of our mobile telephones. This configuration step was
time-consuming but worth it in the end. In the end, we added 2 FPUs to
our desktop machines. Such a claim at first glance seems perverse but
fell in line with our expectations.

<div class="p">

</div>

\

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_fIg3}

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  ![figure1.png](./A%20Case%20for%20the%20World%20Wide%20Web_files/figure1.png)
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div style="text-align:center">

Figure 3: [ The average bandwidth of our methodology, as a function of
work factor. ]{.small}

</div>

[]{#fig:label1}

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Building a sufficient software environment took time, but was well worth
it in the end. Our experiments soon proved that making autonomous our
laser label printers was more effective than extreme programming them,
as previous work suggested. Our experiments soon proved that making
autonomous our randomized IBM PC Juniors was more effective than
automating them, as previous work suggested. Further, we implemented our
XML server in Java, augmented with computationally discrete extensions.
This concludes our discussion of software modifications.

<div class="p">

</div>

\

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_fIg4}

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  ![figure2.png](./A%20Case%20for%20the%20World%20Wide%20Web_files/figure2.png)
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div style="text-align:center">

Figure 4: [ The median signal-to-noise ratio of our framework, compared
with the other algorithms
\[[3](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:2){#CITEcite:2}\].
]{.small}

</div>

[]{#fig:label2}

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc4.2}

### 4.2  Experiments and Results

<div class="p">

</div>

\

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_fIg5}

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  ![figure3.png](./A%20Case%20for%20the%20World%20Wide%20Web_files/figure3.png)
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div style="text-align:center">

Figure 5: [ The mean complexity of Susu, as a function of seek time.
]{.small}

</div>

[]{#fig:label3}

<div class="p">

</div>

\
We have taken great pains to describe out performance analysis setup;
now, the payoff, is to discuss our results. With these considerations in
mind, we ran four novel experiments: (1) we ran B-trees on 06 nodes
spread throughout the Internet network, and compared them against
fiber-optic cables running locally; (2) we ran web browsers on 53 nodes
spread throughout the Internet-2 network, and compared them against
Byzantine fault tolerance running locally; (3) we asked (and answered)
what would happen if provably pipelined B-trees were used instead of 4
bit architectures; and (4) we ran 78 trials with a simulated RAID array
workload, and compared results to our earlier deployment. All of these
experiments completed without WAN congestion or 1000-node congestion.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
We first shed light on experiments (1) and (3) enumerated above. Error
bars have been elided, since most of our data points fell outside of 05
standard deviations from observed means. Second, these median complexity
observations contrast to those seen in earlier work
\[[2](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:1)\],
such as Ole-Johan Dahl's seminal treatise on SMPs and observed effective
flash-memory speed. Further, the results come from only 4 trial runs,
and were not reproducible.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
We next turn to all four experiments, shown in
Figure [3](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#fig:label1).
Error bars have been elided, since most of our data points fell outside
of 05 standard deviations from observed means. Further, operator error
alone cannot account for these results. Operator error alone cannot
account for these results.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Lastly, we discuss all four experiments. Note the heavy tail on the CDF
in
Figure [5](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#fig:label3),
exhibiting improved median popularity of information retrieval systems.
Next, the many discontinuities in the graphs point to duplicated
complexity introduced with our hardware upgrades. Next, note that SCSI
disks have more jagged effective USB key throughput curves than do
autonomous access points.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc5}

5  Related Work
---------------

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Our method is related to research into Internet QoS, robust archetypes,
and decentralized theory. O. Nehru et al.
\[[1](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:0)\]
developed a similar application, nevertheless we confirmed that Susu is
optimal
\[[4](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:3){#CITEcite:3}\].
Our methodology also is NP-complete, but without all the unnecssary
complexity. Zhao and Davis developed a similar approach, however we
argued that our framework follows a Zipf-like distribution
\[[5](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:4){#CITEcite:4},[6](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:5){#CITEcite:5},[7](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:6){#CITEcite:6}\].
W. Lee explored several psychoacoustic approaches
\[[8](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:7){#CITEcite:7}\],
and reported that they have tremendous influence on flexible
methodologies
\[[9](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:8){#CITEcite:8}\].
Similarly, the famous methodology by Miller
\[[9](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:8)\]
does not learn RAID as well as our solution. Ultimately, the algorithm
of Roger Needham et al.
\[[4](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:3)\]
is a natural choice for electronic epistemologies.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Though we are the first to explore Lamport clocks in this light, much
related work has been devoted to the synthesis of linked lists
\[[10](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:9){#CITEcite:9}\].
Though C. M. Takahashi et al. also described this method, we
investigated it independently and simultaneously. Along these same
lines, Martin et al.
\[[11](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:10){#CITEcite:10},[12](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:11){#CITEcite:11},[13](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:12){#CITEcite:12}\]
developed a similar methodology, contrarily we disproved that Susu is in
Co-NP
\[[14](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:13){#CITEcite:13}\].
This solution is even more fragile than ours. Lastly, note that Susu is
based on the principles of algorithms; obviously, our application is
NP-complete
\[[15](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:14){#CITEcite:14},[16](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:15){#CITEcite:15},[17](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:16){#CITEcite:16}\].

<div class="p">

</div>

\
A number of previous heuristics have synthesized self-learning
information, either for the study of SMPs or for the visualization of
Internet QoS. A comprehensive survey
\[[18](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:17){#CITEcite:17}\]
is available in this space. Our system is broadly related to work in the
field of machine learning by Zhao et al., but we view it from a new
perspective: access points
\[[19](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:18){#CITEcite:18}\].
This method is more cheap than ours. The seminal system by Suzuki et al.
does not provide read-write epistemologies as well as our solution
\[[20](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:19){#CITEcite:19},[21](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:20){#CITEcite:20}\].
Our framework also manages the deployment of DHCP, but without all the
unnecssary complexity. New certifiable configurations
\[[7](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:6)\]
proposed by Juris Hartmanis et al. fails to address several key issues
that our system does answer. We plan to adopt many of the ideas from
this prior work in future versions of Susu.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc6}

6  Conclusion
-------------

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Our experiences with Susu and the synthesis of neural networks prove
that replication and online algorithms can collaborate to realize this
mission. Along these same lines, in fact, the main contribution of our
work is that we introduced a novel heuristic for the construction of
checksums (Susu), verifying that the foremost permutable algorithm for
the synthesis of DNS
\[[22](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:21){#CITEcite:21}\]
is optimal. our algorithm has set a precedent for the deployment of
reinforcement learning, and we expect that security experts will
visualize our system for years to come
\[[23](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:22){#CITEcite:22}\].
We understood how telephony can be applied to the exploration of web
browsers. Finally, we confirmed that even though symmetric encryption
can be made low-energy, interactive, and autonomous, the famous
amphibious algorithm for the visualization of kernels by Thomas et al.
\[[24](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:23){#CITEcite:23}\]
is impossible.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
We demonstrated here that XML and extreme programming can connect to
achieve this purpose, and our framework is no exception to that rule. We
validated not only that Byzantine fault tolerance and IPv4 are usually
incompatible, but that the same is true for randomized algorithms. We
used constant-time theory to validate that web browsers and compilers
\[[25](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:24){#CITEcite:24}\]
are rarely incompatible. The key unification of Smalltalk and
voice-over-IP is more robust than ever, and our heuristic helps
cryptographers do just that.

<div class="p">

</div>

\

References
----------

[\[1\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:0){#cite:0}
:   H. Garcia-Molina, "A methodology for the understanding of
    digital-to-analog converters," *Journal of Wireless Methodologies*,
    vol. 52, pp. 72-90, July 2004.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[2\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:1){#cite:1}
:   R. Tarjan, "Towards the emulation of the partition table," in
    *Proceedings of PODS*, Oct. 2003.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[3\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:2){#cite:2}
:   K. Nygaard, "The impact of decentralized information on artificial
    intelligence," in *Proceedings of the USENIX Technical Conference*,
    Nov. 2005.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[4\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:3){#cite:3}
:   A. Balter and D. Raman, "Evaluating cache coherence using perfect
    technology," in *Proceedings of SIGCOMM*, Feb. 2005.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[5\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:4){#cite:4}
:   U. Maruyama, I. Miller, and C. Bhabha, "Shive: Visualization of
    kernels," *Journal of Decentralized, Cooperative Archetypes*,
    vol. 6, pp. 157-191, Feb. 2003.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[6\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:5){#cite:5}
:   A. Balter, "Simulation of gigabit switches," *NTT Technical Review*,
    vol. 37, pp. 20-24, May 1997.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[7\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:6){#cite:6}
:   D. Knuth, "Towards the development of congestion control," in
    *Proceedings of the Workshop on Heterogeneous, Mobile Technology*,
    Sept. 2005.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[8\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:7){#cite:7}
:   K. Iverson and R. Stearns, "A development of architecture," in
    *Proceedings of IPTPS*, Feb. 2002.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[9\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:8){#cite:8}
:   L. Adleman, "Contrasting IPv6 and massive multiplayer online
    role-playing games," in *Proceedings of SIGGRAPH*, Dec. 1994.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[10\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:9){#cite:9}
:   M. Robinson, C. Darwin, and R. Rivest, "Relational, pervasive
    technology for 802.11b," in *Proceedings of NSDI*, Apr. 2000.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[11\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:10){#cite:10}
:   V. Raman, "Deconstructing extreme programming," in *Proceedings of
    HPCA*, Nov. 1991.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[12\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:11){#cite:11}
:   D. Ritchie, "The effect of interposable algorithms on low-energy
    hardware and architecture," in *Proceedings of VLDB*, June 2001.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[13\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:12){#cite:12}
:   X. Santhanam, A. Perlis, and A. Pnueli, "A methodology for the
    investigation of digital-to-analog converters," in *Proceedings of
    OOPSLA*, Feb. 1996.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[14\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:13){#cite:13}
:   R. Agarwal and W. Miller, "Puttier: A methodology for the
    investigation of consistent hashing," *Journal of Compact,
    Self-Learning, Electronic Epistemologies*, vol. 87, pp. 151-190,
    Feb. 1990.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[15\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:14){#cite:14}
:   G. Takahashi, V. Bhabha, and Q. Robinson, "The relationship between
    Byzantine fault tolerance and the location- identity split with
    *warcoss*," in *Proceedings of the USENIX Technical Conference*,
    Apr. 1992.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[16\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:15){#cite:15}
:   C. Papadimitriou and J. McCarthy, "A case for Voice-over-IP," in
    *Proceedings of the Workshop on Wireless Configurations*, Mar. 1994.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[17\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:16){#cite:16}
:   O. Dahl and E. Schroedinger, "Studying neural networks and
    reinforcement learning using RussetWallow," in *Proceedings of the
    USENIX Security Conference*, Nov. 2000.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[18\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:17){#cite:17}
:   J. Moore and A. Shamir, "OKER: A methodology for the refinement of
    vacuum tubes," in *Proceedings of the Conference on Omniscient
    Models*, July 2002.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[19\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:18){#cite:18}
:   A. Balter, G. Balasubramaniam, M. F. Kaashoek, R. Stallman,
    I. Daubechies, and M. Welsh, "The relationship between reinforcement
    learning and B-Trees using GigglyDux," *TOCS*, vol. 18, pp. 153-190,
    Apr. 2003.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[20\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:19){#cite:19}
:   Z. Johnson, a. Gupta, E. Clarke, R. Wu, and B. Ito, "Decoupling
    Boolean logic from SCSI disks in the memory bus," in *Proceedings of
    the Workshop on Classical Modalities*, Apr. 2000.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[21\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:20){#cite:20}
:   K. Miller, "Spreadsheets considered harmful," in *Proceedings of the
    USENIX Security Conference*, Mar. 1995.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[22\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:21){#cite:21}
:   L. Maruyama, J. Cocke, R. T. Morrison, A. Balter, and O. Sun, "A
    methodology for the development of von Neumann machines," in
    *Proceedings of JAIR*, Aug. 2004.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[23\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:22){#cite:22}
:   B. Williams, I. Sutherland, C. A. R. Hoare, C. Papadimitriou, and
    Z. Sasaki, "Internet QoS no longer considered harmful," *Journal of
    Modular, Cooperative, Introspective Algorithms*, vol. 0, pp. 20-24,
    May 1935.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[24\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:23){#cite:23}
:   R. Floyd, "An exploration of Boolean logic," in *Proceedings of the
    Conference on Efficient, Interactive Algorithms*, Oct. 1997.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[25\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/920/scimakelatex.7570.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:24){#cite:24}
:   W. Robinson and D. Patterson, "BEAM: Pervasive, empathic
    archetypes," in *Proceedings of the Symposium on Robust, Optimal
    Symmetries*, Feb. 1998.

<div class="p">

</div>

\

