Download a
[Postscript](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/cgi-bin/scigen.cgi?seed=206&type=ps&author=Ariel+Balter&)
or
[PDF](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/cgi-bin/scigen.cgi?seed=206&type=pdf&author=Ariel+Balter&)
version of this paper.\
Download all the files for this paper as a [gzipped tar
archive](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/cgi-bin/scigen.cgi?seed=206&type=tar&author=Ariel+Balter&).\
[Generate another
one.](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/cgi-bin/scigen.cgi?author=Ariel+Balter&)\
[Back to the SCIgen homepage.](http://pdos.csail.mit.edu/scigen)\

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Pseudorandom, Virtual Modalities for Digital-to-Analog Converters

Pseudorandom, Virtual Modalities for Digital-to-Analog Converters {#pseudorandom-virtual-modalities-for-digital-to-analog-converters align="center"}
=================================================================

### Ariel Balter {#ariel-balter align="center"}

<div class="p">

</div>

###  {#section align="center"}

<div class="p">

</div>

Abstract
--------

<div class="p">

</div>

Unified multimodal symmetries have led to many natural advances,
including Boolean logic
\[[1](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:0){#CITEcite:0}\]
and the lookaside buffer. After years of structured research into von
Neumann machines, we prove the development of fiber-optic cables. BIER,
our new system for random methodologies, is the solution to all of these
issues.

<div class="p">

</div>

Table of Contents
-----------------

[]{#tth_sEc1}

1  Introduction
---------------

<div class="p">

</div>

\
The implications of reliable symmetries have been far-reaching and
pervasive. An important problem in collectively separated cryptography
is the evaluation of Bayesian archetypes. We skip these algorithms until
future work. As a result, certifiable configurations and forward-error
correction
\[[2](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:1){#CITEcite:1}\]
have paved the way for the study of A\* search.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Our focus here is not on whether access points and model checking are
continuously incompatible, but rather on motivating a novel system for
the synthesis of reinforcement learning (BIER). we view cyberinformatics
as following a cycle of four phases: storage, development, improvement,
and exploration
\[[3](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:2){#CITEcite:2},[4](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:3){#CITEcite:3},[5](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:4){#CITEcite:4}\].
The basic tenet of this approach is the visualization of Web services
\[[6](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:5){#CITEcite:5}\].
Next, our heuristic evaluates cacheable algorithms.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
The rest of this paper is organized as follows. We motivate the need for
courseware. To fulfill this mission, we disconfirm not only that the
infamous Bayesian algorithm for the improvement of compilers by Garcia
\[[7](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:6){#CITEcite:6}\]
is Turing complete, but that the same is true for XML. we place our work
in context with the prior work in this area. Continuing with this
rationale, to overcome this quandary, we use introspective methodologies
to verify that virtual machines and red-black trees can connect to
achieve this goal. In the end, we conclude.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc2}

2  Methodology
--------------

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Motivated by the need for the Internet, we now present a methodology for
verifying that the much-touted secure algorithm for the study of IPv6 by
Moore et al.
\[[8](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:7){#CITEcite:7}\]
is recursively enumerable. Continuing with this rationale, rather than
architecting the understanding of DHCP, BIER chooses to develop Internet
QoS. Continuing with this rationale, any robust exploration of
read-write methodologies will clearly require that Internet QoS can be
made ambimorphic, "fuzzy", and cooperative; our application is no
different. Even though statisticians always assume the exact opposite,
our system depends on this property for correct behavior. We executed a
trace, over the course of several years, validating that our methodology
is not feasible. See our existing technical report
\[[9](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:8){#CITEcite:8}\]
for details.

<div class="p">

</div>

\

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_fIg1}

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  ![dia0.png](./Pseudorandom,%20Virtual%20Modalities%20for%20Digital-to-Analog%20Converters_files/dia0.png)
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div style="text-align:center">

Figure 1: [ An architectural layout depicting the relationship between
BIER and the deployment of RAID. ]{.small}

</div>

[]{#dia:label0}

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Reality aside, we would like to measure a model for how our approach
might behave in theory. Consider the early design by Moore et al.; our
methodology is similar, but will actually realize this goal. this seems
to hold in most cases. Rather than providing virtual archetypes, our
application chooses to deploy flip-flop gates
\[[8](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:7)\].
Continuing with this rationale,
Figure [1](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#dia:label0)
diagrams the relationship between our approach and self-learning theory
\[[2](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:1)\].
We assume that wide-area networks can be made Bayesian, efficient, and
classical. we use our previously emulated results as a basis for all of
these assumptions.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Next, rather than managing the investigation of cache coherence, our
method chooses to measure the deployment of thin clients. This seems to
hold in most cases. Any intuitive investigation of consistent hashing
will clearly require that the Internet
\[[10](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:9){#CITEcite:9}\]
and systems can connect to answer this quagmire; BIER is no different.
This may or may not actually hold in reality. Consider the early design
by Gupta; our methodology is similar, but will actually accomplish this
purpose. This may or may not actually hold in reality. The question is,
will BIER satisfy all of these assumptions? Exactly so.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc3}

3  Implementation
-----------------

<div class="p">

</div>

\
In this section, we propose version 7.2, Service Pack 6 of BIER, the
culmination of months of designing. It was necessary to cap the seek
time used by BIER to 568 Joules. Our methodology requires root access in
order to create online algorithms. Along these same lines, BIER requires
root access in order to enable scatter/gather I/O. Continuing with this
rationale, it was necessary to cap the seek time used by our methodology
to 117 MB/S. Despite the fact that we have not yet optimized for
usability, this should be simple once we finish designing the hacked
operating system.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc4}

4  Results
----------

<div class="p">

</div>

\
We now discuss our evaluation. Our overall performance analysis seeks to
prove three hypotheses: (1) that the Commodore 64 of yesteryear actually
exhibits better 10th-percentile seek time than today's hardware; (2)
that e-commerce no longer adjusts performance; and finally (3) that 64
bit architectures no longer influence system design. Only with the
benefit of our system's self-learning ABI might we optimize for
simplicity at the cost of bandwidth. Our logic follows a new model:
performance is of import only as long as simplicity constraints take a
back seat to usability. Although it is never an intuitive goal, it is
buffetted by related work in the field. Unlike other authors, we have
decided not to investigate 10th-percentile bandwidth. Our evaluation
strives to make these points clear.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc4.1}

### 4.1  Hardware and Software Configuration

<div class="p">

</div>

\

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_fIg2}

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  ![figure0.png](./Pseudorandom,%20Virtual%20Modalities%20for%20Digital-to-Analog%20Converters_files/figure0.png)
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div style="text-align:center">

Figure 2: [ Note that throughput grows as throughput decreases - a
phenomenon worth controlling in its own right. ]{.small}

</div>

[]{#fig:label0}

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Though many elide important experimental details, we provide them here
in gory detail. We instrumented a hardware prototype on our reliable
testbed to disprove read-write modalities's influence on Hector
Garcia-Molina's refinement of digital-to-analog converters in 1993. we
added 150Gb/s of Internet access to UC Berkeley's millenium cluster to
probe our underwater cluster. Had we deployed our XBox network, as
opposed to simulating it in bioware, we would have seen amplified
results. We removed 200kB/s of Internet access from our multimodal
cluster to understand our system. On a similar note, German biologists
removed 8MB of RAM from our pervasive testbed to investigate the tape
drive throughput of our mobile telephones. Next, we removed some USB key
space from CERN's underwater overlay network to investigate our desktop
machines. With this change, we noted weakened performance improvement.
Similarly, we added a 200-petabyte floppy disk to our mobile cluster.
Configurations without this modification showed improved instruction
rate. Lastly, we doubled the effective sampling rate of Intel's
game-theoretic testbed.

<div class="p">

</div>

\

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_fIg3}

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  ![figure1.png](./Pseudorandom,%20Virtual%20Modalities%20for%20Digital-to-Analog%20Converters_files/figure1.png)
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div style="text-align:center">

Figure 3: [ The 10th-percentile block size of BIER, as a function of
complexity. ]{.small}

</div>

[]{#fig:label1}

<div class="p">

</div>

\
BIER does not run on a commodity operating system but instead requires a
provably autogenerated version of GNU/Debian Linux. All software was
hand hex-editted using GCC 1d with the help of Kristen Nygaard's
libraries for provably analyzing RPCs. All software was linked using
AT&T System V's compiler linked against optimal libraries for
controlling write-ahead logging. Along these same lines, we added
support for BIER as a saturated embedded application. We made all of our
software is available under an Old Plan 9 License license.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc4.2}

### 4.2  Dogfooding Our Heuristic

<div class="p">

</div>

\

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_fIg4}

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  ![figure2.png](./Pseudorandom,%20Virtual%20Modalities%20for%20Digital-to-Analog%20Converters_files/figure2.png)
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<div style="text-align:center">

Figure 4: [ The effective latency of BIER, as a function of
signal-to-noise ratio. ]{.small}

</div>

[]{#fig:label2}

<div class="p">

</div>

\
We have taken great pains to describe out evaluation setup; now, the
payoff, is to discuss our results. That being said, we ran four novel
experiments: (1) we measured Web server and RAID array throughput on our
network; (2) we compared sampling rate on the GNU/Hurd, Microsoft
Windows 3.11 and KeyKOS operating systems; (3) we dogfooded BIER on our
own desktop machines, paying particular attention to effective USB key
speed; and (4) we ran 84 trials with a simulated E-mail workload, and
compared results to our hardware deployment.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Now for the climactic analysis of all four experiments
\[[11](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:10){#CITEcite:10}\].
We scarcely anticipated how wildly inaccurate our results were in this
phase of the evaluation strategy. Error bars have been elided, since
most of our data points fell outside of 93 standard deviations from
observed means. Note that multicast frameworks have smoother effective
hard disk speed curves than do autonomous Markov models.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
We next turn to the second half of our experiments, shown in
Figure [4](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#fig:label2).
Of course, all sensitive data was anonymized during our bioware
deployment. On a similar note, note that
Figure [2](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#fig:label0)
shows the *mean* and not *10th-percentile* saturated floppy disk
throughput. Along these same lines, we scarcely anticipated how
inaccurate our results were in this phase of the performance analysis.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Lastly, we discuss experiments (1) and (3) enumerated above. Gaussian
electromagnetic disturbances in our 1000-node testbed caused unstable
experimental results. Second, note that
Figure [4](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#fig:label2)
shows the *10th-percentile* and not *mean* disjoint median response
time. Of course, all sensitive data was anonymized during our earlier
deployment.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc5}

5  Related Work
---------------

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Our algorithm builds on previous work in linear-time technology and
networking
\[[12](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:11){#CITEcite:11}\].
Furthermore, a recent unpublished undergraduate dissertation
\[[13](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:12){#CITEcite:12},[5](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:4)\]
proposed a similar idea for ubiquitous symmetries
\[[14](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:13){#CITEcite:13}\].
As a result, comparisons to this work are ill-conceived. The choice of
the partition table in
\[[15](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:14){#CITEcite:14}\]
differs from ours in that we study only practical communication in BIER
\[[16](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:15){#CITEcite:15}\].
Therefore, despite substantial work in this area, our solution is
clearly the application of choice among leading analysts
\[[17](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:16){#CITEcite:16}\].

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc5.1}

### 5.1  Telephony

<div class="p">

</div>

\
We now compare our solution to prior probabilistic symmetries
approaches. A litany of existing work supports our use of replicated
methodologies. Instead of enabling constant-time communication
\[[17](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:16)\],
we surmount this quagmire simply by deploying checksums. In general, our
framework outperformed all prior methodologies in this area
\[[12](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:11),[6](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:5)\].
It remains to be seen how valuable this research is to the electrical
engineering community.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc5.2}

### 5.2  Large-Scale Information

<div class="p">

</div>

\
The evaluation of embedded theory has been widely studied
\[[18](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:17){#CITEcite:17}\].
Next, the choice of 32 bit architectures in
\[[19](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:18){#CITEcite:18}\]
differs from ours in that we deploy only confusing technology in our
application. In this work, we addressed all of the obstacles inherent in
the related work. Similarly, the acclaimed heuristic by Taylor
\[[20](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:19){#CITEcite:19}\]
does not create the emulation of Byzantine fault tolerance as well as
our approach
\[[16](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:15)\].
These frameworks typically require that randomized algorithms and
consistent hashing can agree to solve this problem, and we argued in
this work that this, indeed, is the case.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Our solution is related to research into multimodal technology,
efficient methodologies, and the development of systems. On a similar
note, Andrew Yao et al.
\[[21](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:20){#CITEcite:20},[8](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:7),[9](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:8)\]
originally articulated the need for neural networks
\[[22](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:21){#CITEcite:21},[23](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:22){#CITEcite:22},[24](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:23){#CITEcite:23},[25](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:24){#CITEcite:24}\].
Further, the original method to this riddle by John Hopcroft was
adamantly opposed; unfortunately, this did not completely solve this
problem. Unlike many prior methods
\[[25](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:24),[26](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:25){#CITEcite:25},[4](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:3),[27](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:26){#CITEcite:26},[28](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:27){#CITEcite:27}\],
we do not attempt to prevent or analyze red-black trees
\[[7](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:6)\].
Our approach to large-scale methodologies differs from that of Johnson
\[[29](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:28){#CITEcite:28}\]
as well.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc6}

6  Conclusion
-------------

<div class="p">

</div>

\
One potentially improbable disadvantage of BIER is that it is able to
construct the evaluation of linked lists; we plan to address this in
future work
\[[30](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:29){#CITEcite:29}\].
In fact, the main contribution of our work is that we described a novel
heuristic for the evaluation of the transistor (BIER), which we used to
demonstrate that Smalltalk and write-ahead logging can interfere to
achieve this goal. we also described an analysis of superpages. On a
similar note, in fact, the main contribution of our work is that we
disconfirmed not only that the little-known psychoacoustic algorithm for
the exploration of Markov models by Kenneth Iverson
\[[31](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:30){#CITEcite:30}\]
is impossible, but that the same is true for Moore's Law. Along these
same lines, we proved not only that local-area networks and spreadsheets
are continuously incompatible, but that the same is true for the
location-identity split. We plan to explore more issues related to these
issues in future work.

<div class="p">

</div>

\

References
----------

[\[1\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:0){#cite:0}
:   C. Darwin, "The influence of relational technology on electrical
    engineering," in *Proceedings of the USENIX Technical Conference*,
    Mar. 1998.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[2\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:1){#cite:1}
:   R. Tarjan, "A methodology for the development of the Ethernet," in
    *Proceedings of the Symposium on Low-Energy Information*, Feb. 2004.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[3\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:2){#cite:2}
:   I. Newton and D. Knuth, "Towards the robust unification of multicast
    solutions and a\* search," in *Proceedings of the Conference on
    Permutable Symmetries*, Feb. 2003.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[4\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:3){#cite:3}
:   J. Hennessy and N. Chomsky, "A methodology for the understanding of
    congestion control," in *Proceedings of the USENIX Security
    Conference*, July 2000.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[5\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:4){#cite:4}
:   D. Culler and R. Reddy, "Decoupling the lookaside buffer from I/O
    automata in the producer- consumer problem," in *Proceedings of the
    Workshop on Stable, Decentralized Configurations*, Sept. 1999.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[6\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:5){#cite:5}
:   X. Shastri, J. M. Thompson, C. Leiserson, and E. Nehru, "Analyzing
    DHTs using psychoacoustic theory," in *Proceedings of the Conference
    on Relational Configurations*, Sept. 1996.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[7\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:6){#cite:6}
:   a. Gupta, "The impact of peer-to-peer methodologies on complexity
    theory," in *Proceedings of the Workshop on Collaborative
    Information*, May 2003.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[8\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:7){#cite:7}
:   G. Suzuki, R. Brooks, a. Ito, H. Simon, J. Kubiatowicz, R. T.
    Morrison, H. Kumar, T. Leary, and C. Bachman, "Towards the
    simulation of checksums," in *Proceedings of the Workshop on Data
    Mining and Knowledge Discovery*, Mar. 2003.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[9\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:8){#cite:8}
:   Q. C. Sun, A. Balter, S. Sasaki, M. Harris, C. Shastri, and
    D. Culler, "Deconstructing XML with UricBase," in *Proceedings of
    the Symposium on Peer-to-Peer, Stochastic Methodologies*, Jan. 2005.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[10\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:9){#cite:9}
:   B. Zhou, "Deploying object-oriented languages and redundancy,"
    *Journal of Metamorphic, Homogeneous Theory*, vol. 574, pp. 20-24,
    Mar. 2000.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[11\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:10){#cite:10}
:   J. Martinez, G. Vijayaraghavan, R. Reddy, C. Papadimitriou,
    R. Stearns, and Q. Sun, "Model checking considered harmful," in
    *Proceedings of ECOOP*, Sept. 1995.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[12\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:11){#cite:11}
:   N. Wirth, P. Narayanaswamy, W. Sasaki, A. Balter, E. Watanabe, and
    R. Narayanan, "The influence of low-energy configurations on
    steganography," in *Proceedings of MOBICOM*, July 2004.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[13\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:12){#cite:12}
:   R. Karp, J. Lee, K. Nygaard, Z. Wu, and H. Levy, "A methodology for
    the exploration of the producer-consumer problem," *TOCS*, vol. 82,
    pp. 20-24, Apr. 1999.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[14\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:13){#cite:13}
:   R. Maruyama, "Investigating B-Trees using linear-time
    communication," *Journal of Permutable, Semantic Theory*, vol. 24,
    pp. 78-85, Apr. 1994.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[15\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:14){#cite:14}
:   R. Sasaki, E. Smith, T. Leary, and Q. Bhabha, "Development of
    red-black trees," in *Proceedings of the USENIX Technical
    Conference*, May 2000.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[16\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:15){#cite:15}
:   A. Balter, "Redundancy no longer considered harmful," *TOCS*,
    vol. 2, pp. 48-51, Apr. 1997.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[17\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:16){#cite:16}
:   N. Martin, C. Williams, and W. Jackson, "The influence of mobile
    communication on programming languages," *OSR*, vol. 65, pp. 20-24,
    Apr. 1990.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[18\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:17){#cite:17}
:   N. Wirth, L. Adleman, and D. S. Scott, "On the analysis of IPv4," in
    *Proceedings of OOPSLA*, June 2004.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[19\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:18){#cite:18}
:   J. Cocke, R. Needham, D. Culler, and D. Jackson, "The impact of
    stable configurations on algorithms," in *Proceedings of the
    Symposium on Virtual, Modular Theory*, Sept. 2001.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[20\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:19){#cite:19}
:   J. McCarthy, "The Ethernet considered harmful," *Journal of Virtual,
    Highly-Available Epistemologies*, vol. 27, pp. 151-191, Mar. 1994.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[21\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:20){#cite:20}
:   U. Davis, E. Jones, and D. Clark, "Towards the improvement of
    multicast algorithms," in *Proceedings of the USENIX Technical
    Conference*, Aug. 2002.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[22\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:21){#cite:21}
:   F. M. Garcia, B. Jones, and B. Gupta, "Cacheable models for
    context-free grammar," in *Proceedings of the Conference on
    Real-Time, Semantic, Autonomous Information*, Aug. 2004.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[23\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:22){#cite:22}
:   A. Einstein and S. Wu, "A construction of IPv7 using Padder," in
    *Proceedings of the Workshop on Adaptive, Modular Modalities*,
    Aug. 1997.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[24\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:23){#cite:23}
:   S. Qian and A. Tanenbaum, "Exploring digital-to-analog converters
    and IPv4," in *Proceedings of HPCA*, Sept. 2004.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[25\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:24){#cite:24}
:   J. McCarthy, Q. P. Raman, and R. Agarwal, "Game-theoretic,
    metamorphic technology for evolutionary programming," in
    *Proceedings of the Workshop on Wearable, Modular Algorithms*,
    Nov. 1990.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[26\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:25){#cite:25}
:   a. Smith, "On the emulation of context-free grammar," in
    *Proceedings of SIGMETRICS*, Aug. 2003.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[27\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:26){#cite:26}
:   H. Levy and G. Wang, "Decoupling Byzantine fault tolerance from
    B-Trees in a\* search," in *Proceedings of the Symposium on
    Trainable, Large-Scale Configurations*, Sept. 1999.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[28\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:27){#cite:27}
:   S. Cook, D. Culler, J. Kubiatowicz, D. Culler, L. Wu, G. Li,
    N. Wilson, M. Miller, V. Smith, A. Einstein, O. Zhou, O. Sato, and
    N. Jackson, "Boolean logic considered harmful," *Journal of
    Trainable, Random Methodologies*, vol. 33, pp. 153-199, Sept. 1991.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[29\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:28){#cite:28}
:   J. McCarthy, O. Dahl, A. Balter, S. Anderson, and D. Patterson,
    "Enabling 128 bit architectures and 802.11 mesh networks with
    TipsySyle," in *Proceedings of the Symposium on Lossless, Mobile
    Technology*, Jan. 2001.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[30\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:29){#cite:29}
:   I. Daubechies, "FUM: A methodology for the understanding of erasure
    coding," *Journal of Reliable Epistemologies*, vol. 75, pp. 156-199,
    Dec. 2004.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[31\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/206/scimakelatex.10461.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:30){#cite:30}
:   F. J. Thomas and U. Harris, "Malaria: Perfect, psychoacoustic
    configurations," in *Proceedings of the Conference on Linear-Time,
    Adaptive Information*, Oct. 1999.

<div class="p">

</div>

\

