Download a
[Postscript](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/cgi-bin/scigen.cgi?seed=688&type=ps&author=Ariel+Balter&)
or
[PDF](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/cgi-bin/scigen.cgi?seed=688&type=pdf&author=Ariel+Balter&)
version of this paper.\
Download all the files for this paper as a [gzipped tar
archive](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/cgi-bin/scigen.cgi?seed=688&type=tar&author=Ariel+Balter&).\
[Generate another
one.](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/cgi-bin/scigen.cgi?author=Ariel+Balter&)\
[Back to the SCIgen homepage.](http://pdos.csail.mit.edu/scigen)\

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Synthesis of DHTs

Synthesis of DHTs {#synthesis-of-dhts align="center"}
=================

### Ariel Balter {#ariel-balter align="center"}

<div class="p">

</div>

###  {#section align="center"}

<div class="p">

</div>

Abstract
--------

<div class="p">

</div>

Theorists agree that read-write symmetries are an interesting new topic
in the field of cryptography, and system administrators concur. Given
the current status of event-driven symmetries, experts predictably
desire the study of spreadsheets, which embodies the robust principles
of electrical engineering. In order to realize this mission, we explore
a compact tool for developing the lookaside buffer (MacruranBicho),
which we use to confirm that Internet QoS can be made event-driven,
self-learning, and flexible
\[[10](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:0){#CITEcite:0}\].

<div class="p">

</div>

Table of Contents
-----------------

[]{#tth_sEc1}

1  Introduction
---------------

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Superpages must work. The notion that theorists agree with linear-time
technology is always adamantly opposed. The notion that leading analysts
collude with Boolean logic is generally adamantly opposed. The
understanding of e-commerce would minimally improve amphibious
technology.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Existing heterogeneous and wearable applications use Bayesian symmetries
to study Byzantine fault tolerance
\[[10](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:0)\]
\[[16](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:1){#CITEcite:1}\].
The basic tenet of this solution is the development of gigabit switches.
Nevertheless, this method is mostly well-received. Further, this is a
direct result of the deployment of cache coherence. Even though similar
heuristics refine Lamport clocks, we surmount this challenge without
emulating Smalltalk.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Another key aim in this area is the evaluation of the emulation of
interrupts. The shortcoming of this type of approach, however, is that
802.11b can be made distributed, empathic, and constant-time. It should
be noted that MacruranBicho is derived from the construction of
consistent hashing. Even though conventional wisdom states that this
problem is regularly solved by the simulation of SCSI disks, we believe
that a different method is necessary. The basic tenet of this solution
is the refinement of the partition table. As a result, we see no reason
not to use the understanding of von Neumann machines to analyze
e-commerce.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
We construct new efficient models, which we call MacruranBicho. Our
system controls ubiquitous methodologies
\[[22](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:2){#CITEcite:2}\].
We emphasize that MacruranBicho is optimal
\[[5](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:3){#CITEcite:3}\].
We view cryptoanalysis as following a cycle of four phases:
construction, deployment, development, and provision. This combination
of properties has not yet been investigated in previous work.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
The rest of this paper is organized as follows. To start off with, we
motivate the need for digital-to-analog converters. To realize this
purpose, we show that the location-identity split and simulated
annealing can synchronize to address this riddle. Ultimately, we
conclude.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc2}

2  Model
--------

<div class="p">

</div>

\
We ran a trace, over the course of several years, confirming that our
model is unfounded
\[[15](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:4){#CITEcite:4}\].
We ran a week-long trace validating that our methodology holds for most
cases. We withhold these algorithms until future work. See our previous
technical report
\[[3](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:5){#CITEcite:5}\]
for details.

<div class="p">

</div>

\

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_fIg1}

  -----------------------------------------------------
  ![dia0.png](./Synthesis%20of%20DHTs_files/dia0.png)
  -----------------------------------------------------

<div style="text-align:center">

Figure 1: [ MacruranBicho's autonomous analysis. ]{.small}

</div>

[]{#dia:label0}

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Reality aside, we would like to investigate a framework for how our
method might behave in theory. This seems to hold in most cases. Any
private emulation of the emulation of RPCs will clearly require that the
little-known certifiable algorithm for the investigation of fiber-optic
cables by V. Gupta et al.
\[[1](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:6){#CITEcite:6}\]
is Turing complete; our application is no different. This seems to hold
in most cases. The design for MacruranBicho consists of four independent
components: "smart" symmetries, "fuzzy" configurations, peer-to-peer
epistemologies, and cacheable theory. We estimate that simulated
annealing can be made self-learning, homogeneous, and replicated. This
seems to hold in most cases.
Figure [1](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#dia:label0)
depicts new encrypted communication. The question is, will MacruranBicho
satisfy all of these assumptions? It is not.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Suppose that there exists the memory bus such that we can easily improve
cache coherence. We show MacruranBicho's unstable allowance in
Figure [1](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#dia:label0).
Similarly,
Figure [1](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#dia:label0)
shows the relationship between MacruranBicho and multimodal information.
This seems to hold in most cases. Any structured deployment of SMPs will
clearly require that the little-known game-theoretic algorithm for the
evaluation of Boolean logic by Kobayashi et al.
\[[20](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:7){#CITEcite:7}\]
runs in Ω( loglog\[n/n\] ) time; our algorithm is no different. See our
previous technical report
\[[10](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:0)\]
for details.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc3}

3  Implementation
-----------------

<div class="p">

</div>

\
In this section, we introduce version 5a, Service Pack 8 of
MacruranBicho, the culmination of minutes of hacking. Next,
cryptographers have complete control over the client-side library, which
of course is necessary so that journaling file systems and suffix trees
are never incompatible. Similarly, the hacked operating system and the
centralized logging facility must run with the same permissions.
MacruranBicho requires root access in order to provide adaptive
methodologies. Along these same lines, the hand-optimized compiler
contains about 924 semi-colons of Lisp. MacruranBicho is composed of a
hacked operating system, a hand-optimized compiler, and a centralized
logging facility.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc4}

4  Experimental Evaluation
--------------------------

<div class="p">

</div>

\
As we will soon see, the goals of this section are manifold. Our overall
evaluation seeks to prove three hypotheses: (1) that we can do a whole
lot to impact an approach's expected instruction rate; (2) that we can
do much to influence a heuristic's clock speed; and finally (3) that we
can do much to impact an algorithm's code complexity. Note that we have
decided not to deploy an application's legacy user-kernel boundary. Only
with the benefit of our system's ROM speed might we optimize for
scalability at the cost of distance. We hope to make clear that our
reprogramming the code complexity of our distributed system is the key
to our evaluation.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc4.1}

### 4.1  Hardware and Software Configuration

<div class="p">

</div>

\

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_fIg2}

  -----------------------------------------------------------
  ![figure0.png](./Synthesis%20of%20DHTs_files/figure0.png)
  -----------------------------------------------------------

<div style="text-align:center">

Figure 2: [ These results were obtained by Raman and Zhao
\[[19](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:8){#CITEcite:8}\];
we reproduce them here for clarity. ]{.small}

</div>

[]{#fig:label0}

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Though many elide important experimental details, we provide them here
in gory detail. We scripted a software emulation on our multimodal
testbed to measure the mutually semantic behavior of replicated,
parallel technology. First, we quadrupled the effective NV-RAM speed of
our introspective testbed. We added 200 CISC processors to our mobile
telephones to measure independently distributed symmetries's influence
on David Johnson's deployment of context-free grammar in 1967. had we
prototyped our human test subjects, as opposed to emulating it in
hardware, we would have seen amplified results. Continuing with this
rationale, we added 2MB of RAM to our encrypted testbed to consider the
ROM space of our desktop machines. Furthermore, we added some floppy
disk space to the KGB's autonomous testbed.

<div class="p">

</div>

\

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_fIg3}

  -----------------------------------------------------------
  ![figure1.png](./Synthesis%20of%20DHTs_files/figure1.png)
  -----------------------------------------------------------

<div style="text-align:center">

Figure 3: [ The average signal-to-noise ratio of MacruranBicho, as a
function of throughput. ]{.small}

</div>

[]{#fig:label1}

<div class="p">

</div>

\
When Niklaus Wirth patched KeyKOS Version 2c's legacy user-kernel
boundary in 1970, he could not have anticipated the impact; our work
here follows suit. All software components were compiled using Microsoft
developer's studio linked against cacheable libraries for developing
Boolean logic. We implemented our cache coherence server in Dylan,
augmented with computationally random extensions. This concludes our
discussion of software modifications.

<div class="p">

</div>

\

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_fIg4}

  -----------------------------------------------------------
  ![figure2.png](./Synthesis%20of%20DHTs_files/figure2.png)
  -----------------------------------------------------------

<div style="text-align:center">

Figure 4: [ The 10th-percentile sampling rate of MacruranBicho, as a
function of throughput. ]{.small}

</div>

[]{#fig:label2}

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc4.2}

### 4.2  Experimental Results

<div class="p">

</div>

\

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_fIg5}

  -----------------------------------------------------------
  ![figure3.png](./Synthesis%20of%20DHTs_files/figure3.png)
  -----------------------------------------------------------

<div style="text-align:center">

Figure 5: [ The mean interrupt rate of our solution, as a function of
latency. ]{.small}

</div>

[]{#fig:label3}

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Our hardware and software modficiations make manifest that emulating our
algorithm is one thing, but emulating it in courseware is a completely
different story. That being said, we ran four novel experiments: (1) we
measured hard disk throughput as a function of ROM throughput on a
Motorola bag telephone; (2) we deployed 66 Apple \]\[es across the
sensor-net network, and tested our object-oriented languages
accordingly; (3) we measured ROM space as a function of RAM throughput
on a NeXT Workstation; and (4) we ran 94 trials with a simulated DNS
workload, and compared results to our courseware deployment. All of
these experiments completed without access-link congestion or noticable
performance bottlenecks.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
We first shed light on experiments (1) and (4) enumerated above as shown
in
Figure [2](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#fig:label0)
\[[14](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:9){#CITEcite:9}\].
The results come from only 4 trial runs, and were not reproducible
\[[10](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:0)\].
These distance observations contrast to those seen in earlier work
\[[11](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:10){#CITEcite:10}\],
such as E. Suzuki's seminal treatise on B-trees and observed expected
distance. These signal-to-noise ratio observations contrast to those
seen in earlier work
\[[4](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:11){#CITEcite:11}\],
such as U. V. Zhao's seminal treatise on SCSI disks and observed mean
bandwidth.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Shown in
Figure [2](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#fig:label0),
the first two experiments call attention to MacruranBicho's energy. The
data in
Figure [3](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#fig:label1),
in particular, proves that four years of hard work were wasted on this
project. Gaussian electromagnetic disturbances in our millenium overlay
network caused unstable experimental results. Operator error alone
cannot account for these results.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
Lastly, we discuss experiments (1) and (4) enumerated above. Note that
Figure [5](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#fig:label3)
shows the *average* and not *average* saturated RAM throughput. On a
similar note, note that
Figure [2](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#fig:label0)
shows the *expected* and not *effective* noisy effective clock speed.
Third, the curve in
Figure [2](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#fig:label0)
should look familiar; it is better known as h(n) = n.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc5}

5  Related Work
---------------

<div class="p">

</div>

\
We now consider existing work. Moore
\[[6](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:12){#CITEcite:12}\]
and Nehru constructed the first known instance of the compelling
unification of DNS and gigabit switches. The only other noteworthy work
in this area suffers from fair assumptions about autonomous algorithms
\[[8](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:13){#CITEcite:13}\].
Nevertheless, these methods are entirely orthogonal to our efforts.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc5.1}

### 5.1  SMPs

<div class="p">

</div>

\
A number of prior applications have explored the World Wide Web, either
for the study of checksums
\[[23](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:14){#CITEcite:14}\]
or for the understanding of Lamport clocks. Thusly, if throughput is a
concern, our approach has a clear advantage. Furthermore, a recent
unpublished undergraduate dissertation described a similar idea for DHTs
\[[13](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:15){#CITEcite:15},[21](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:16){#CITEcite:16}\].
All of these methods conflict with our assumption that SCSI disks and
the development of Smalltalk are unproven
\[[9](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:17){#CITEcite:17}\].

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc5.2}

### 5.2  Event-Driven Theory

<div class="p">

</div>

\
While we know of no other studies on stochastic communication, several
efforts have been made to evaluate vacuum tubes. Without using wide-area
networks, it is hard to imagine that Byzantine fault tolerance and
operating systems can collude to accomplish this goal. Similarly,
instead of enabling the study of wide-area networks
\[[23](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:14),[7](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:18){#CITEcite:18}\],
we answer this challenge simply by studying congestion control
\[[6](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:12)\].
Clearly, if latency is a concern, MacruranBicho has a clear advantage.
Johnson
\[[12](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:19){#CITEcite:19},[17](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:20){#CITEcite:20}\]
suggested a scheme for simulating the analysis of spreadsheets, but did
not fully realize the implications of symbiotic information at the time
\[[16](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:1)\].
Thus, if latency is a concern, our framework has a clear advantage.
MacruranBicho is broadly related to work in the field of
cyberinformatics by Harris et al.
\[[2](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:21){#CITEcite:21}\],
but we view it from a new perspective: interposable technology.

<div class="p">

</div>

\
[]{#tth_sEc6}

6  Conclusion
-------------

<div class="p">

</div>

\
We confirmed in this paper that the Ethernet
\[[18](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#cite:22){#CITEcite:22}\]
and Markov models can agree to accomplish this mission, and our
application is no exception to that rule. In fact, the main contribution
of our work is that we introduced a novel algorithm for the
understanding of model checking (MacruranBicho), which we used to
disprove that consistent hashing can be made flexible, robust, and
robust. We demonstrated that security in MacruranBicho is not a
challenge. We plan to explore more problems related to these issues in
future work.

<div class="p">

</div>

\

References
----------

[\[1\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:6){#cite:6}
:   Balter, A., Iverson, K., Garcia, Z., and Johnson, D. PinyToast: A
    methodology for the emulation of IPv6. In *Proceedings of the
    Symposium on Robust Technology* (Feb. 2005).
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[2\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:21){#cite:21}
:   Brown, V., and Garcia-Molina, H. The influence of peer-to-peer
    configurations on operating systems. In *Proceedings of MICRO* (Nov.
    2002).
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[3\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:5){#cite:5}
:   Cook, S., Robinson, J., Hopcroft, J., Kahan, W., and Anderson, E.
    Relational, probabilistic algorithms for superblocks. In
    *Proceedings of JAIR* (Mar. 2004).
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[4\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:11){#cite:11}
:   Dijkstra, E., Ito, X., Cook, S., Karp, R., Balter, A., Suzuki, J.,
    Bose, Y., and Lamport, L. Decoupling telephony from RPCs in
    wide-area networks. In *Proceedings of HPCA* (Dec. 2001).
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[5\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:3){#cite:3}
:   Floyd, S. Drench: Symbiotic methodologies. *TOCS 81* (June 2001),
    41-58.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[6\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:12){#cite:12}
:   Garcia, V. J., and Simon, H. Evaluating compilers and sensor
    networks using ZIBET. In *Proceedings of PODC* (June 1993).
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[7\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:18){#cite:18}
:   Harris, H. N., and Rabin, M. O. Improving symmetric encryption and
    online algorithms using *pipyfeed*. *Journal of Probabilistic
    Epistemologies 52* (Nov. 2003), 1-10.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[8\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:13){#cite:13}
:   Ito, N., Balter, A., Levy, H., Raman, U., Turing, A., Balter, A.,
    and Suzuki, T. A methodology for the deployment of e-commerce. In
    *Proceedings of OSDI* (Dec. 2005).
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[9\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:17){#cite:17}
:   Lakshminarayanan, K., Culler, D., Zheng, O., Martin, X. W., Martin,
    L., Codd, E., Lakshminarayanan, K., Floyd, S., and Lee, G.
    Visualizing the memory bus and the transistor. *Journal of Wearable
    Communication 568* (Aug. 2003), 73-81.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[10\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:0){#cite:0}
:   Lampson, B., and Smith, O. N. On the study of consistent hashing.
    *Journal of Interposable, Efficient Methodologies 5* (June 1997),
    1-14.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[11\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:10){#cite:10}
:   Milner, R. A case for DNS. *TOCS 66* (Apr. 1995), 87-100.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[12\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:19){#cite:19}
:   Sato, E. Decoupling sensor networks from 802.11b in the
    location-identity split. In *Proceedings of the Workshop on
    Relational Modalities* (Sept. 1999).
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[13\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:15){#cite:15}
:   Shastri, L., and Martinez, S. Psychoacoustic, wearable methodologies
    for write-ahead logging. In *Proceedings of ASPLOS* (Oct. 1996).
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[14\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:9){#cite:9}
:   Smith, D. A methodology for the emulation of hierarchical databases.
    In *Proceedings of the USENIX Security Conference* (Oct. 2003).
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[15\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:4){#cite:4}
:   Sun, a., Tarjan, R., and Qian, D. Cooper: Study of rasterization. In
    *Proceedings of NSDI* (Oct. 2004).
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[16\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:1){#cite:1}
:   Tarjan, R. Deconstructing journaling file systems with Indoles. In
    *Proceedings of the USENIX Security Conference* (Oct. 1994).
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[17\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:20){#cite:20}
:   Thompson, K. N., and Hoare, C. A. R. Amphibious, lossless,
    interactive algorithms for wide-area networks. *Journal of Pervasive
    Technology 20* (Dec. 2005), 57-63.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[18\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:22){#cite:22}
:   Wang, K., and Thompson, K. Decoupling courseware from thin clients
    in courseware. *Journal of Signed, Low-Energy Communication 93*
    (Sept. 1977), 71-86.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[19\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:8){#cite:8}
:   Wilkes, M. V., and Reddy, R. Towards the investigation of
    replication. *Journal of Introspective, Replicated Algorithms 47*
    (Oct. 1995), 159-195.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[20\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:7){#cite:7}
:   Wilson, V., Garcia-Molina, H., and Turing, A. Pervasive, autonomous,
    stable archetypes for write-ahead logging. In *Proceedings of WMSCI*
    (Nov. 2002).
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[21\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:16){#cite:16}
:   Zheng, S., Newell, A., and Jones, U. The influence of heterogeneous
    methodologies on artificial intelligence. In *Proceedings of NDSS*
    (Oct. 1992).
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[22\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:2){#cite:2}
:   Zheng, U. V. Deconstructing thin clients. *Journal of Event-Driven,
    Metamorphic Archetypes 1* (Aug. 2003), 157-190.
    <div class="p">

    </div>

    \

[\[23\]](http://scigen.csail.mit.edu/scicache/688/scimakelatex.9898.Ariel+Balter.html#CITEcite:14){#cite:14}
:   Zheng, Y., and Sasaki, K. An analysis of the lookaside buffer. In
    *Proceedings of MICRO* (Dec. 2000).

<div class="p">

</div>

\

